discretion is advised
how's it going YouTube we've got another
epic sweep here this time I look through
the comments and there's a lot of
comments on asking for a shuckle sweep
so I thought it would be kind of cool
and fresh to do a shuffle sweep and I'm
also going to attempt this time sit
tight a little strategy and play to
actually not use any our boosts because
a lot of people said oh I bet you can't
do a sweep without a boost or something
along those lines or would be cool to do
one without a boost so I thought about
that a lot and enough and I came with it
up with a strategy with a chuckle so I
hope you like it and it this did
actually take a very very long while to
do because yes it was very very hard to
actually pull this off so I will get the
battle started so yeah Biba that we I'm
just going to like I'm gonna say nothing
there because you're probably not I'm
thinking so I'm going to start off
things off of my hip now and he stopped
of these are bananas which is quite a
cool name for a Tropius so I go for the
thunder wave he sets up the sunny day
I'm guessing his next move is most
definitely going to be a solar beam so
just in case that doesn't truckload a
damage I going to make SATA to take the
solar beam yeah so I was thinking hear
what other Moses tropics Tropius could
have so I might as well set up my light
screen here because it's going to help
these Pokemon just scout out his team a
little bit and yeah do their job so I
set the light screen up there so that's
plus two special defense Tropius does
get paralyzed which helps things out a
little bit because I can actually set up
I might reflect this turn so I've got
good wall incapacities now with a bow
for front reflect that's a bit of a
tongue twister sometime reflect and
light screen up at the same time of it
obviously this Tropius has got a life
orb so it's the first time I've actually
faced a Tropius in fifth gen which I
found pretty cool so I go into my hunt
tail
so the idea of this hunter really wasn't
to do much for the accept par pass my
arm my awkward off to regain a little
bit of health because chuckle we'll need
some health regen because I'm not really
confident to rely just on steady because
there's too many priority moves out
there so that thing really actually does
have got a prophecy thing I've halo that
it really does now I think about it
anyway so I'm going to go to my hip note
and spank me with my arm yo-yo and my
light screen actually wears off which
doesn't really matter a guess because
Hypno's quite bulky anyway so I set my
trick room up trick room if you don't
know actually switches dimensions so the
slower pokemon will actually go first
for five turns okay so I get my
leftovers recovery reflect does wear off
but that's all good I'm going to baton
pass out and I'm going to go into my
shuttle here so the idea here what here
was to first use power trick which
actually switches my defense and attack
mode around so let's go shackle
[Music]
you